vice in her ears which horsehairs and calves'
two gypsies on a horse.
the matter slip, and I'll give him my horse, gray
than Dobbin my fill-horse has on his tail.
talk of his horse, and he makes it a great appropriation
take out the work! There, give it your hobbyhorse.
souls. [Aside.] Marry, I'll ride your horse as well as I
nor the soiled horse goes to 't with a more riotous
my horses ready?	[Gentleman exits.]
kindness to his horse buttered his hay.
horse? Whoop, Jug, I love thee!
horse,
horse's health, a boy's love, or a whore's oath.
horse over four-inched bridges to course his own
his lover, as a puny tilter that spurs his horse but on
have your daughter covered with a Barbary horse,
differs not from the stalling of an ox? His horses are
but he!--why, he hath a horse better than the
[Aside to Fabian.] I have his horse to take up the
[As Thisbe.] As true as truest horse, that yet would never
Your troops of horsemen with his bands of foot;
Your horse stands ready at the park corner.
Your hearts I'll stamp out with my horse's heels
York lies. He might have sent and had the horse.
With horsemen that make to him on the spur,
With her the horse, and left Adonis there:
Why should a dog, a horse, a rat have life,
While we pursued the horsemen of the north,
Where is the horse that doth untread again
Where horses have been nimbler than the sands
When I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile,
To keep the horsemen off from breaking in.
Three times today I holp him to his horse,
Thou told'st me, when we came from horse, the place
Thither goes these news as fast as horse can carry
This is to horse. Adieu, noble Agrippa.
Therefore, dear boy, mount on my swiftest horse,
Therefore no marvel though thy horse be gone.
Then linger not, my lord. Away! Take horse!
The stale of horses and the gilded puddle
The neighs of horse to tell of her approach
The ne'er-yet-beaten horse of Parthia
The legions and the horse whole, do you not?
The horse were merely lost. The mares would bear
The greater part, the horse in general,
The galloping of horse. Who was 't came by?
The coward horse that bears me fall and die!
That which is now a horse, even with a thought
That when they hear the Roman horses neigh,
That beggars mounted run their horse to death.
Take you some company and away to horse.
TROILUS	He's dead; and at the murderer's horse's tail,
TRINCULO  Monster, I do smell all horse piss, at which
TOUCHSTONE  As the ox hath his bow, sir, the horse his
THIRD MURDERER  Hark, I hear horses.
THERSITES	Let me bear another to his horse; for that's the more
Striding the blast, or heaven's cherubin horsed
Sometime a horse I'll be, sometime a hound,
So is my horse, Octavius, and for that
So did this horse excel a common one
Send out more horses. Skirr the country round.
Second Lord	Our horses!
Saddle my horses. Call my train together.
PAROLLES	Five or six thousand horse, I said,-- I will say
PAROLLES	Ay, and the captain of his horse, Count Rousillon.
Out, some light horsemen, and peruse their wings.
Our chariots and our horsemen be in readiness.
Or horse or oxen from the leopard,
Or does he walk? Or is he on his horse?
Of horsemen that were levied for this siege!
OSWALD  Where may we set our horses?
O, for a horse with wings! Hear'st thou, Pisanio?
O happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
Never bestrid a horse save one that had
NESTOR	Let this be granted, and Achilles' horse
My legions and my horse. Six kings already
My horse is tied up safe. Out, sword,
My day's delight is past, my horse is gone,
Mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs in him
Mine action and thine own? Our horses' labor?
Messenger	'Tis Alcibiades, and some twenty horse,
MARIA  My purpose is indeed a horse of that color.
MARGARET	For a hawk, a horse, or a husband?
Look, what a horse should have he did not lack,
Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn.
Lands, goods, horse, armor, anything I have
LARTIUS	So, the good horse is mine.
LARTIUS	My horse to yours, no.
Is to avoid the aim. Therefore to horse,
Is it your will? Speak, sir.--Prepare my horses.
If we should serve with horse and mares together,
I'll kill my horse because I will not fly.
I wish your horses swift and sure of foot,
How now, are the horses ready?
Host	Where be my horses? speak well of them, varletto.
Host	They shall have my horses; but I'll make them pay;
He were the worse for that were he a horse;
He shall here find his friends with horse and men
He calls to horse, but will I know not whither.
First Soldier	[Reads]  'First demand of him how many horse the
FIRST MURDERER  His horses go about.
EDGAR  Both stile and gate, horseway and footpath.
Do bravely, horse, for wot'st thou whom thou
DUKE SENIOR  He uses his folly like a stalking-horse,
DUKE	The general of our horse thou art; and we,
DROMIO OF SYRACUSE	[Within]  Mome, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb,
DIOMEDES	Go, go, my servant, take thou Troilus' horse;
Craving us jointly. Hie you to horse. Adieu,
Courageously to pluck him from his horse.
Come, go. I will dispatch the horsemen straight.
Chiron, we hunt not, we, with horse nor hound,
CORNWALL  Get horses for your mistress.
CELIA  Yes, I think he is not a pickpurse nor a horse-stealer,
CADE  Marry, thou oughtst not to let thy horse wear a
But hollow men, like horses hot at hand,
Between two horses, which doth bear him best,
BERTRAM	I shall stay here the forehorse to a smock,
BERTRAM	I pray you, stay not, but in haste to horse.
BENEDICK	I would my horse had the speed of your tongue, and
Away he springs and hasteth to his horse.
As market men for oxen, sheep, or horse.
And the bodies shall be dragged at my horse
And our twelve thousand horse. We'll to our ship.--
And on thy well-breath'd horse keep with thy
And I have horse will follow where the game
And Duncan's horses (a thing most strange and
ANDREW  And your horse now would make him an ass.
A troop of horse with felt. I'll put 't in proof,
A soldier and his horse.
'Twixt this and supper. Go not my horse the better,
	with thee. Go thy ways: let my horses be well
	wert thou a horse, thou wouldst be seized by the
	till he hath pawned his horses to mine host of the Garter.
	thou a bear, thou wouldst be killed by the horse:
	the hobby-horse, whose epitaph is 'For, O, for, O,
	the hobby-horse is forgot.'
	such-a-one's horse, when he meant to beg it; might it not?
	ride of a horse, one must ride behind. An honest
	paid to Master Brook; his horses are arrested for
	of no better report than a horse-drench. Is he
	now than an eight-year-old horse. The tartness
	in that surge, like a horse-shoe; think of
	horses: the duke himself will be to-morrow at
	horses: against the which he has imponed, as I take
	horse; for it is all the wealth that he hath left,
	horse; and she would have me as a beast: not that, I
	horse upon our own wings, and to rend our own soldiers!
	hobby-horses must not hear.
	good horse to hire,' let them signify under my sign
	be hangers till then. But, on: six Barbary horses
	When he lay couched in the ominous horse,
	Whate'er falls more. We must to horse again.
	That plats the manes of horses in the night,
	That horse and sail and high expense
	Readins, of Maidenhead, of Colebrook, of horses and
	Paint till a horse may mire upon your face,
	Or like a gallant horse fall'n in first rank,
	Now here he fights on Galathe his horse,
	Like Perseus' horse: where's then the saucy boat
	If I would sell my horse, and buy twenty more
	I think, thy horse will sooner con an oration than
	Heavens, what a man is there! a very horse,
	Given order for our horses; and to-night,
	Four milk-white horses, trapp'd in silver.
	Ere twice the horses of the sun shall bring
	Death on the wheel or at wild horses' heels,
	Come, tie his body to my horse's tail;
	Better than he, why, give my horse to Timon,
	As true as truest horse, that yet would never tire.
	Are smother'd up, leads fill'd, and ridges horsed
	Are like the Trojan horse was stuff'd within
	And to such wondrous doing brought his horse,
	And they can well on horseback: but this gallant
	And tent themselves with death. Of all the horses,
	And pay thy life thou owest me for my horse!
	And hire those horses; I'll be with thee straight.
	And hire post-horses; I will hence to-night.
	And able horses. No porter at his gate,
	A horse whereon the governor doth ride,
